c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Snowball.exe
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Snowball.pdb
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\obj\x86\Debug\Snowball.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\obj\x86\Debug\Snowball.exe
c:\users\eric\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\obj\x86\Debug\Snowball.pdb
C:\Users\Eric\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Snowball\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\Credits\GamerGraceLogo.xnb
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\obj\x86\Debug\Snowball.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\obj\x86\Debug\Snowball.exe
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\obj\x86\Debug\Snowball.pdb
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Fonts\Font1.xnb
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\Credits\GamerGraceLogo.xnb
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Snowball.exe
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Snowball.pdb
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\Elias.Stacy-PC\Documents\GitHub\Snowball\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
